[music ]
- Youmust've been really
drunk to do that.
- Do what?
- This.
Why in the hell
would you do that?
- It's kind of a long story.
- I got time.
[ rooster crows ]
Oh, shit.
No, I don't.
Get moving.
Laramie, let's...
Seriously?
Hey, hey.
Hey. Laramie.
Wake up. We're late.
Let's go.
[ giggles ]
- Gonna be a long day, Lloyd.
Didn't get much sleep.
[ music ]
- If you're looking
for a connection to this place,
you're not gonna find it.
This is just a rental.
- It's not a connection to
this place that I'm looking for.
Do I have any brothers?
Cousins? Sisters?
- What are you trying to decide?
- Who my family is.
- Well, that's already
been decided.
You got a couple cousins
in east Montana
and a half brother somewhere...
Your grandfather is holed up
in a nursing home in Fargo.
Bastard's nearly a hundred
and he is living proof
that only the good die young.
And there's me.
You know what I am.
And your mother...
I remember I'd been out
long-hauling goddamn cattle.
I came home,
and I found you
screaming...
'cause you were
fucking starving.
You had a hold of
an old crack pipe
and you were sucking
on the tip of it
like it was a nipple...
in between screams.
And I found her
bent over the sink
by some fat piece of shit...
and I knew that you
had only one chance
in life, and that was
without her in it.
So, I did what I did...
I took her life
and gave up mine.
For you...
Looking at you now, I would say
that it was probably
the best choice
I could've made.
John Dutton may have raised you,
but did he love you, son?
Does he love you now?
He loves a goddamn ranch.
That's all he's ever loved.
You standing in my yard
tells me you already knew it.
I'm your family, son.
I'm the only one you got.
- Everything that I worked for.
Everything that
I thought I was...
I'm going to lose.
I was raised to run that ranch.
I built it into
what it is today.
- Then run it.
- It's not mine.
It's not for sale.
Not that I could afford it.
- Nobody can afford
Yellowstone.
Yellowstone ain't a ranch.
It's an empire.
Empires you take.
- I don't know how to do that.
- Oh, it's the simplest
thing on earth.
You kill the King.
[ music ]
- I'm not a killer.
- You've never killed?
Yeah, you've killed.
Of course, you've killed.
You're a Randall.
And killing is our only gift.
[ music ]
[ gasps ]
- Sorry.
- Don't be sorry.
It takes time.
- Guess I know what it
feels like to be you now.
- Yeah. In more ways than one.
- You know, we moved to
the ranch to be with you
and now you're never here.
- This, uh... this
livestock thing.
It's a full time job.
- You like it, don't you?
[ chuckles ]
- I like having somebody
to fight for.
Rather than some thing.
When you fight
for a thing,
the thing don't care
if you win or lose
because the thing ain't alive.
But when you fight
for people, they care.
- Yeah, that's what
I like about it, too.
But I think a thing can care.
I think the land cares.
- I know you do, baby.
[ kiss ]
That's what I love about you.
[ music ]
TV Announcer:
The U.S. will ban visas
for officials linked to
the allegations
if they do not cooperate
with the U.N.
Even with the global slowdown
that we're seeing,
it seems structural credit
won't get hit
like it did last time
in the recession.
What we're really concerned
with is high yield
and leverage loans...
Interest rates globally have
been in secular decline
for the past 25-plus years...
Businesses around the globe
are looking for a way
to get yields.
Now even with all that said,
the markets...
- WADE: Leave me a message
and I'll call you back.
- Just checking in with you
'cause you haven't
checked in with me.
TV Announcer: The Fed
dropping interest rates for
the second time...
- You know, your office
has a balcony.
- From the balcony,
I see the parking lot.
From the roof
I see the reservation.
- I like the view
of the parking lot better.
- You know, you can wish we
weren't your people, but we are.
- That's not what I wish.
- What do you wish, Angela?
- I wish I could
go back in time
and tell our people to
sell every weapon they have.
Every horse.
Then take that money
and go to New York
and hire the biggest
law firm in the city.
If I could do that,
we wouldn't be standing here.
We'd be standing at
the gates of Yellowstone
and still calling it home.
- We'll stand there again.
- Not with you we won't.
There's no such
thing as morality.
There's own the land
and there's lose the land.
That's all you'll be judged by.
Not how you do it.
Winners are never
judged by "how".
They save that for the losers.
- Youhad a longnight.
- Yeah.
- Thank you, sweetie.
- Who'd you kill?
- Don't ask me that, Beth.
- What did I just say?
[ sigh ]
- We don't get
to do that anymore.
- What's that?
- Secrets.
We don't get those.
- There's things I do,
and then there's things
that got to get done.
You don't want to know them.
It's not a secret, Darling.
It's a favor.
- Howmany?
- Enough.
- How many?
- It's a big ranch, Beth.
And our enemies don't
fight fair, you know that.
- How many?
- I don't know. Honestly.
Don't pretend like
you don't know how we fight.
- Oh, I know how you fight...
I subscribe to Nietzsche's
thoughts on right and wrong.
- Hmm?
- He was a German philosopher
who died of syphilis
after he cornholed
some prostitute,
so not exactly a life
to model yours after,
but his thoughts on
right and wrong, good and evil.
Which were: there's
no such thing.
That, I believe.
I believe in loving
with your whole soul
and destroying anything that
wants to kill what you love.
That's it.
That's all there is.
[ music ]
- I believe in the same thing.
- I take it back.
You can keep this secret.
Now if you'll excuse me...
I gotta kill someone, too.
- You ready for this?
- They fucked with
the wrong bull, daddy.
- Yes, they did.
- I'll see you there.
- That thing you wanted back.
I got it.
Want me to put it some place?
- Naw, I don't want it.
Just didn't want him
to have it...
He's not gonna come
looking for it, is he?
- No, sir.
That train only runs
in one direction.
- You find out who was
holding his leash?
- It's a guy by
the name of Roarke.
I don't know who he is.
- Roarke.
- Want me to start
asking around?
- No. No need.
When people lose their dogs
they ask everyone
if they've seen them.
He'll show up soon enough.
- Yes, sir. Let me know
if you need anything.
- What?
- Well, it's nice to see a plan
work out for once.
- I guess your
plan did work out, Dad.
- Well...
Not my plan. My...
My dream, maybe, but...
Your plan.
- Your plan for me, if you
want to get down to it.
-All right, well, if you
want to get down to it,
it don't matter what my plan
was if it ain't your destiny.
- I don't believe in destiny.
- Yeah, right.
Even you aren't that naive.
- Hey, Dad.
Have a good day.
- I won't, son.
I believe I'm all
out of those.
[ music ]
[ kissing noises ]
- Come on, Laramie.
Let's go.
- I'm coming.
You have everything?
- Yeah.
- Horses loaded?
- Oh, yeah.
- ♪ Trains comin' but
I'm stuck on this road ♪
-We're all set.
- ♪ Moon's rising and my blood
is growing cold ♪
♪ Preacher man can't
save a soul like mine ♪
♪ Miracles are just
too damn hard to find ♪
♪ Ain't gonna drown
in the water ♪
-What?
- Nothin.
- ♪ 'Cause the good Lord
ain't bringing me home ♪
- What?
- Go ahead, why?
- It's kind of hard to explain.
- Yeah, I'd think so.
I can't make sense of it.
- Walker has one, too.
But he could have his asshole on
his chest and I wouldn't care.
That is one fine son of a bitch.
- Do you know what
a brand means?
- Means I'm a part of something.
- No, that's not what it means.
You brand something
so that if it gets lost
everyone knows
who it belongs to.
That's why you do it.
- ♪ I'm bound for the
broken promise land ♪
♪ To meet my demons and
get back my upper hand ♪
♪ Lawman can't catch
a soul like mine ♪
- Hi.
- Good morning.
Once the entire party
is here I will escort you in.
-The entire party is here,
I assure you.
- We're still waiting
on the Governor.
-You've got to be
fucking kidding me.
Decided to start the day
with a little theater, did you?
- Just a little.
- It's good to see you again.
- Jamie.
- Please, have a seat.
There's coffee,
some orange juice,
and some assorted pastries
over there
for anyone willing
to brave gluten.
- I, for one,
am not afraid of gluten.
Could you make me a plate,
please, and some coffee?
Well, I say we just dive in.
Mrs. Hayes, would your
team like to start?
- The forest service lease
has been secured.
FAA has approved both the
airport and runway plans.
The airlines have agreed
to finance the build
of their respective terminals.
Our leases with retail
vendors are in place,
which allows us to fund
the airport build...
[ phones chime ]
...without using state funds,
which negates your requirement
to place the bond on the ballot,
because we don't need the bond.
- Did you see this?
- We just need...
- Mrs. Hayes, is there an issue?
- Problem, Willa?
[mouthing]
Take that you fucking bitch.
- Ellis?
Uh, I need to step
out for a moment.
Roarke has the authority
to speak on our position.
- Roarke. Which one is he?
- That's me.
Once you put a name to this
face, you will never forget it.
- No, I don't believe I will.
- Now... What this
provides the state
is the added tax revenue from
the airport, from ticket sales,
car rentals,
hotel taxes, fuel sales...
and all with zero investment.
It's a perpetually
renewable resource
that doesn't cost
the state one dime.
Which brings us to you,
Mr. Dutton.
The land most suitable
to the airport build...
is this tract.
- If you're
discussing purchasing
land from the Yellowstone, you
will need to discuss it with me.
- Actually, you have
to discuss it with me.
Ihave power of attorney
over the estate.
- If the estate were in Utah.
That's where you
filed the documents.
The State of Montana
does not recognize
power of attorney issued
by other states.
- The land is in Montana.
- Mm-hm.
But her authority is in Utah.
Imean, if she was an attorney,
she would know that.
As it stands, I am the
legal authority representing
the Yellowstone, and I approve
the sale of that tract.
- The hell you will.
- Yes, I will, because if
I don't, the Land Commission
will condemn it and you
will get paid one tenth
of what it's worth.
And you will also lose
millions on attorneys
because I cannot
represent the ranch
and condemn it
at the same time.
- Then don't condemn it.
-It's not my choice.
It's her choice.
- It's your choice?
What do you choose, Lynelle?
- There is no choice
anymore, John.
There are only options.
- Could I see the environmental
impact report?
- The forest service report
is in your packet.
- Not the forest service report.
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife
report on the impact
of an airport
beside the river
that feeds our
oldest national park.
The one flowing beside
runway one, right there.
- That will be the basis
of our lawsuit,
in case anyone was curious.
It will be a class action suit
because it impacts
native land and park land.
We'll meet with attorneys from
the Greater
Yellowstone Coalition,
Sierra Club, you know.
All the gang will be there.
- Best of luck.
- We stopped wolf hunting
for a fucking decade.
What do you think we're
going to do to an airport?
We don't need luck.
See you in court.
- That's your angle, too, John.
How does this impact your land?
Join our suit.
It won't cost you a cent.
You won't have
to hire an attorney.
We'll do it for you.
- A little curve ball
from the Reservation.
That land is mine.
And no one can sell it but me.
-I'd say that as much as
you can: "that land is mine".
Get it all out of your system.
- Lose your pets, Roarke?
- Hmm?
- Mm?
You think you're
winning this game,
you don't even know
the goddamn rules.
But don't worry:
I'm gonna teach them to you.
You don't say hello,
you don't say goodbye.
You got nothing to say
to me, son?
Beth: He never has
anything to say, Dad.
- Oh, I have plenty
to say, Beth.
- Oh, yeah?
Well, I'm all fucking ears.
That's what I thought.
Roarke: Well, I'd say
we pulled the band aid.
Lynelle: Yeah. The, uh, lawsuits
are a concern, though.
- We put a pipeline
through their reservation,
and we did it with the
Army Corps of Engineers.
They talk about being
too big to fail,
they're talking about us.
Governor. Jamie.
- Well...
That must have been difficult.
- Not really.
- Well, one day he'll see.
He's gonna know that you
did this for him.
- No, I didn't.
Not anymore.
From now on,
what I do is for me.
[ music ]
- ♪ Deadman's curve,
Deadman's curve ♪
♪ No redemption,
no return ♪
♪ Good God almighty,
gonna crash and burn ♪
♪ Down Deadman's curve ♪
♪ Deadman's curve,
Deadman's curve ♪
♪ Country boys ain't
never gonna learn ♪
♪ Nobody ever makes it
through that turn ♪
♪ Deadman's curve
Deadman's curve ♪
Announcer: Another great run
for Brianna O'Barry.
for a score of 15.885.
15.885 for
Brianna O'Barry.
-Oh, shit, I forgot my, uh,
Show Sheen in my groom bag.
- I can grab it.
-Hey, Jimmy, you all healed up?
- Yeah, we're getting there.
- When you gonna be
back on the circuit?
- Doc said I'm not
supposed to ride anymore.
- Shit, Jimmy. Doc has told
us all that before.
Announcer: Here at Miner Creek
Stampede, we are approaching
our go time
for the final horses...
- Are you quitting rodeo?
- Mr. Dutton told me
I'm not supposed--
- Mr. Dutton, he's the one who
stuck you with that hot iron.
That Mr. Dutton?
- I don't want to live the rest
of my life in a wheelchair.
- Then don't.
Even if you do, come here.
Turn around.
Give it hell, Amberley.
- That's all I ever give it.
[music ]
- She's paralyzed
from the waist down,
and she has
whipped me more times
than I can remember.
[shouting, cheering ]
When I saw you rodeo,
Isaw a really happy man.
I saw a man who risked his life
to do what he loved.
And I fell in love with him.
Be that man
and you can have me.
But be this one,
and I'll see ya later.
- Hey, I'm scared.
I'm fucking...
I'm fucking scared.
- Who ain't scared?
Hell, I'm scared
every time I run out there.
but I cowboy the fuck up
and I do it anyway.
If you're so desperate
to belong to something,
then belong to me,
and we can rodeo our way across
this whole damn country.
Belong to that.
But don't be one of
that rich man's cattle.
- Okay.
- Good.
Now go get my groom bag.
- [ laughs ]
I look pretty good
leaving, don't I?
- Pretty good.
Naw, really good.
- You have a window, you know.
- A window to what?
- In a room full of his enemies,
you look like his friend.
But you're not his friend.
- No, I'm not.
- You have an opportunity
to free that land of him.
And it will look like
everyone but you who did it.
- I'm not a criminal.
- It's only a crime
by their laws.
By our laws, which have
outlasted an ice age,
it is duty.
To protect our land and
preserve our way of life.
It is religion.
Or did you buy into
their religion
when you bought
into their laws?
- I will beat them
with their own rules.
- They make their rules
to be broken.
The United States has broken
every rule it has ever made.
From its first treaty with
France to every treaty with us,
to their last treaty with Iran.
They only hold others
to their rules.
They make war when they want,
where they want,
they take what they want,
then make rules that keep
you from taking it back.
They make rules for the slave
and they make rules
for the masters.
You're following
the slave rules.
But if you follow
the masters' rules,
then you'll kill him,
and give us our land back.
You travel with a
man from a warrior clan,
but you do not let him make war.
You make him a slave, too.
Maybe you've heard enough
that you don't ask permission.
Maybe you go and make war
for our people.
And then... we go home.
- Chairmen of the Stockgrower's
Association are in your office.
- Which one?
- All of them.
- How you boys doing?
- Better, with you in office.
- Oh, well...
Appreciate that.
- No, we appreciate it.
- How can I help you?
- Well, we're thinking maybe...
maybe we can help you.
And help ourselves
in the process.
- Governor's termed out.
She's got two years left.
- Time to decide who
replaces her is now.
- We're thinking that's...
that's you, Kayce.
[ chuckles ]
- Hey, we'reserious.
- I ain't no politician.
- You're damn right, you aren't.
You say what you mean
and you do what you say.
- I'm not sure my
brand of justice
is what this state wants.
- It's exactly what
this state wants and needs.
Some bastard goes
and steals your cattle,
you don't punt it
to the sheriff,
you just go over there
and shoot the son of a bitch.
- I don't think that's much
of a campaign slogan.
- Hell, son. You could print
"I killed a cattle thief"
on t-shirts and sell
'em in church.
- Not anymore.
Times have changed.
- Maybe so.
But Montana hasn't.
Bozeman, Missoula,
they don't decide the Governor.
Great Falls decides.
Dillon decides.
Miles City decides.
- Those hippies will
bitch and protest
and Twitter out bullshit
about not paying off
their school loans,
but they won't vote.
They're not gonna stand in line
and put their money
where their mouth is when
there's snow on the ski slopes.
-They start holding
elections inMay, we're fucked.
But until then, we decide
who runs this state.
- Kayce, these things
take time.
Time to plan.
Think about it.
Governors don't have to stand
when people leave the room.
You just sit there
and shake hands.
- [ laughs ]
- Take care.
[ music ]
- When the board is ready
we'llconference in,
but explain to them:
this is a hatchet job.
Okay, the caller isn't
even an employee.
- How can you know that?
The caller is anonymous.
- She looked me in the fucking
eye and told me it was her!
- Should have hired her
instead of firing her.
- Can you give us a minute?
- Okay.
- You need to start
playing dirty.
- I've been playing dirty.
They play dirty right back.
- They are playing
a zero sum game,
they're doing it with
my fucking career.
Iwill not have it.
- Don't feel much like a
land deal in Montana, does it?
- No. It feels like
an oil deal in Yemen.
And from now on,
that's how we treat it.
Can you do that?
- I can do whatever you want.
[ music ]
- Got a flat?
- Yeah, I'm trying
to call a tow truck,
but I don't have any signal.
- You got a spare?
- I don't know.
It's a rental.
- Let's open her, find out.
- Guess how old I am.
- Eight.
Not my first rodeo, son.
Look. You got the whole kit
right here.
- I... I don't have any money.
I'm just saying... I don't
have anything to give you.
- Ma'am, where are you from?
- Encino. That's in California.
- I know where Encino is.
Out here, we do things because
they're the right thing to do
and that's the only
reason we need.
You wanna learn a life skill?
- What's a life skill?
- It's something that'll
keep you from standing
on the side of the road hoping
for a phone signal.
- Sounds handy.
- And how...
[ grunts ]
- Never thought I'd have
to do this for you again.
- Yeah. Me neither.
How bad is
she gonna look, Terry?
-Well, it's hard to say.
Depends on how good
theembalmer was.
If he was good, then, uh,
she might look like
she did when we buried her.
But if he wasn't,
then, uh...
It could be bad.
Let's just hope Eddie
did the embalming.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was Eddie.
- Hey, Mama.
I met somebody.
[ music ]
I'm gonna spend the rest
of my life with her.
I could have gone to some store
and bought her
some fucking ring,
but what does that mean?
Shit, I'm sorry.
Shouldn't curse.
I want her to wear yours.
Maybe you can, uh...
Maybe you can know her
a little too, somehow.
I don't know...
[ sigh ]
I love you, Mama.
Thank you.
- Hey. Come on. Come on.
Come on around.
All right there,
right there.
You fall off the horse,
you just get back on.
Hmm?
Hey, come on.
[ grunts ]
Don't like that, huh?
Just give me a couple good bucks
and I'll let it loose.
Come on.
[ music ]
[ horse grunts and snorts ]
[ crunch ]
Male Radio Announcer:
Reports that attorneys
for Mr. Rueben are prepared...
- Do you want anything
from the supply room?
- Uh, yes.
I want the pens, the pencils,
the paper,
the coffee, the creamer...
we're taking everything.
I want it all.
- ...has confirmed that
CEO Willa Hayes
will be placed on leave
until after an
independent investigation
has been conducted.
Hayes was accused of what
is being called and I quote,
"workplace misconduct."
Miss Hayes and her lawyers
were unavailable
for any type of comment...
- Do you want this in your car?
- Oh, that's not mine.
- It's addressed to you.
TV Announcer: Ever since
the charges surfaced
earlier this morning.
The prominent investment firm
is currently trying
to figure out...
- Weird.
A box within a box.
- Wait, I don't know
what that is.
Don't--
- I'm not saying
I'm gonna do it,
I was just telling you
what they said.
Monica: Everything you've been
doing for the past three years
is something you said
you didn't want to do...
And now you just
keep doing it.
- Fine, I just won't tell you
what happens during my day
and the secrets
can grow and grow.
[ glass shatters ]
[ woman's scream ]
[ gunfire ]
- Kayce?
Kayce!
- Alright, now.
Go hand me them lug nuts.
- I don't know where they are.
- Buddy.
- That was your only job.
- I set them down when I pee'd.
- Now we're getting somewhere.
Where'd you do that?
- All right.
Go hunt 'em up.
- Thank you for helping.
- It's what people are
supposed to do, isn't it?
- But they don't.
[ engine approaching ]
- Some don't.
No.
We got it figured,
thanks for stopping.
- Hey, you're John Dutton,
aren't you?
- Yep.
[ screaming ]
[ phone ringing ]
- Your call has been forwarded to an automatic voice message--
- Hello.
- Jamie, hey.
I can't find anybody.
Not Beth, not your dad,
not Kayce. Nobody.
- Rip, I don't think you
should call me anymore.
- Son of a bitch.
[guns engine ]
Hey!
Damn it, hey!
[ crows cawing ]
Get the fuck out of here!
Go on, get!
Go on! Hey! Go! Hey!
Go on, get the fuck
out of here, you piece of shit.
[ music ]
Goddamn.
Ihate shooting horses.
Easy, easy.
Easy, boy.
[ deep sigh ]
I'd rather kill a thousand men
than shoot another horse.
[ gunshot ]
[ music ]
Now you canfucking eat him!
Whole fucking valley's
dying today.
[ gasps ]
[ grunts, sniffs ]
[ heavy breathing ]
- Doesn't that fucking figure.
[ shallow breaths ]